# The Infinite Website

A website where every single HTTP response is AI generated on-the-fly for each request. This means that anything that you type in the URL bar (for path or query parameters) will be valid!

## How to use

Go to [https://theinfinitewebsite.dev]/\<anything\>

## Why?

Honestly, it's just a fun thought experiment. The website is entirely stateless and volatile, and yet...functional?
Does it even really exist? Is there *anything* behind the secenes, or is it merely an illusion? Because every response is generated by AI, the entire thing becomes a black box.
There is no frontend or backend, just words being passed between a client and server. But at the end of the day, that's ultimately how HTTP works.
All the server is really given are some headers, a path, and query parameters. There's nothing *forcing* the server to treat any of these in any specific way.

## How does it work?

The website is a simple Rocket server with a request guard that check if the request is a healthcheck (since we don't want to waste API credit on healthchecks).
There are two handlers that basically do the same thing, but one is for GET and the other is for POST. Other HTTP methods are not supported at this time (but they could be!).
The handlers will both send a request to GPT to generate a response based on the method, path, and query parameters.
When the AI response is retrieved, the content type will be set automatically based on what the AI responded with (HTML, JSON, etc.).

## Features
The server can give HTML, JSON, XML, and many other types of responses (though most non-standard responses will default to text/plain). Funnily enough, SVGs are also supported,
so when your browser makes a request for /favicon.ico, it will also be AI generated. *Everyone will have a different favicon.ico!*

## How to run locally

To run the Infinite Website locally, you will need to have Rust and its tools installed.

1. Clone the repo
2. Create a .env file in the project root with OPENAI_KEY=\<your-openai-key\>
3. Run ```cargo run``` to start the server.

## How to contribute

I honestly don't know how long I'm going to keep this up, if you want to contribute DM me on discord (sethechosenone) and we can figure something out.
When contributing, be aware that the default branch is master instead of main (since Nix is a bit outdated in that regard. It tripped me up a bit when I first realized).


(fun fact: this README was partially made by prompt-injecting the website using the URL bar, asking it to generate a README for this project!)
